---
layout: post
title: Project 2
published: TRUE
---

Project 2 is about creating predictive models and automating Markdown reports. It is a group project. You can find our project [here](https://pseudonym-code.github.io/ST558-Project2/).   

Let’s me summarize what we did. First, we read the data and selected part of it based on weekday. Second, we form a training and test data set. Third, we created summary statistics and plots about the training data. Fourth, we applied 4 models to the training data: 2 linear models, a random forest model, and a boosted tree model. Fifth, we compared 4 models on the test data set. The best model was selected based on RMSE. Sixth, we used a parameter to automatically generate an analysis report for each weekday variable.  

• what would you do differently?  

A: I used the code and knowledge from class notes and homework to complete the project. My teammate wrote the code to render the report automatically. This part had been puzzled me several days.

• what was the most difficult part for you?  

A: I kept getting an error message that params cannot be found. I googled this issue and finially found the problems came from “rm(list = ls())”, which I used in the beginning of the code to clean R environment. “rm(list = ls())” would lead to parameters to be clear, too. I had stuck to the problem for at least 2 hours. 

• what are your big take-aways from this project?  

A: To build a large project, make sure every small part/step is correct before we move further. That means we need a good plan before we start. 

